ign -> gz Reverse Ignition Headers : gz-gui (#466)
gazebosim/gz-gui: tutorials/03_plugins.md

Ignition GUI will look for plugins on the following paths, in this order:

1. All paths set on the `IGN_GUI_PLUGIN_PATH` environment variable
2. All paths added by calling `gz::gui::addPluginPath`
3. `~/.ignition/gui/plugins`

> 4. [Plugins which are installed with Ignition GUI](https://ignitionrobotics.org/api/gui/3.3/namespace gz_1_1gui_1_1plugins.html)

Reviewer: The link you provided takes you to the wrong place, this is the correct one:
```suggestion
4. [Plugins which are installed with Gazebo GUI](https://gazebosim.org/api/gui/3.3/namespaceignition_1_1gui_1_1plugins.html)
```

1. All paths set on the `IGN_GUI_DISPLAY_PLUGIN_PATH` environment variable
2. `~/.ignition/gui/display_plugins`

> 3. [Display plugins that are installed with Ignition GUI](https://ignitionrobotics.org/api/gui/0.1/namespace gz_1_1gui_1_1display_plugins.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [Display plugins that are installed with Gazebo GUI](https://gazebosim.org/api/gui/0.1/namespaceignition_1_1gui_1_1plugins.html)
```
